Make `data/` directory automatically accessible to exercises (#539)
rstudio/learnr: NEWS.md

* Previously, when a question submission was reset, it would be recorded as a `"question_submission"` event with the value `reset=TRUE`. Now it a separate event, `"reset_question_submission"`. ([#398](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/398))
* Added a new `polyglot` tutorial to learnr. This tutorial displays mixing R, python, and sql exercises. See [`run_tutorial("polyglot", "learnr")`](https://learnr-examples.shinyapps.io/polyglot) for a an example. ([#397](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/397))
* Text throughout the learnr interface can be customized or localized using the new `language` argument of `tutorial()`. Translations for English and French are provided and contributes will be welcomed. Read more about these features in `vignette("multilang", package = "learnr")`. ([#456](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/456), [#479](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/479))

> * Tutorials can attach a file directory for use within exercises. Files in a "data/" directory within the same directory as the tutorial R Markdown document will be available from within exercises. ([#539](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/539))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When a "data/" directory is found in the same directory as the tutorial R Markdown document, it is now automatically made available within exercises. An alternative directory can be specified using the `tutorial.data_dir` global option. ([#539](https://github.com/rstudio/learnr/pull/539))
```
